# 🔏 Privacy Policy

In these Terms of Use, any use of the words "you", "yours" or similar expressions shall mean any user of this website and the app whatsoever. Terms such as "we", "us, "our" or similar expressions shall mean SV Labs Limited. This website, sportvalue.network, (the “Website”, “Site”), the Sport Value Markets web application (free.sportvalue.app) and the Sport Value Markets mobile application (the “App”) are operated by SV Labs Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 15867591 with registered office at 305 Rotherhithe Street, London, England, SE16 5EQ\
We are committed to protecting your privacy online. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, our collection practices the processing of user information, or if you would like to report a security violation to us directly, please contact us at info@sportvalue.co.

What Data We Collect\
General Data:\
The use of our services will automatically create information that will be collected. For example, when you use our Services, your geographic location, how you use the Services, information about the type of device you use, your Open Device Identification Number, date/time stamps for your visit, your unique device identifier, your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and domain name are all collected. This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you and administer and improve the Site. In addition, in the event our App crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our App.

User Data When you use the App, we will collect, store and process the following personal information about you: · Identity Data includes first name, last name and email address · Contact Data includes residential address and full name

Log Files: As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/ exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to maintain and improve the performance of the Services.

Analytics: We use analytics services (including, but not limited to, Google Analytics) to help analyze how users use the Site. Analytics services use Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site and we use the information to improve our Site and Services. The analytics services' ability to use and share information collected by them is restricted by their terms of use and privacy policy, which you should refer to for more information about how these entities use this information.

Cookies: "Cookies" are small pieces of information (text files) that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website. These text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store these cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. To that end, this site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. We and some third parties may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Services and to market the Services or other products. Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. This tracking is done on an anonymous basis and. We only use Google Analytics but we plan to use other services in the future. To learn more about this practice, including the Self Regulatory Principles for Online Advertising, to which we adhere, you can visit

www.aboutads.info/choices\
optout.networkadvertising.org\
www.youronlinechoices.com

Use of Your Personal information\
In general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, aid us in serving you better, or market our Services. We use your personal information in the following ways: Operate, maintain, and improve our site(s), products, and services; Respond to comments and questions and provide customer service; Send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; Communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners; Link or combine user information with other personal information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; Develop, improve, and deliver marketing and advertising for the Services; Provide and deliver products and services you request; Identify you as a user in our system; Facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network; and We may store and process your personal information in servers in the United States and other countries. We may also create anonymous data records from your personal information by completely excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site and App navigation. We reserve the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in our sole discretion. We may receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services. We may publish such content. When we publish this content, we may identify our users by their first and last name as well as the user's title, school or company, and major. We obtain the user's consent prior to posting this information along with the testimonial. We may post user feedback on the Site from time to time. We may share your feedback with your first and last name as well as the user's title, school or company, and major. If we choose to post such information along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting you name with your feedback.

Data Storage\
We are committed to employing security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and to prevent accidental or unlawful processing, disclosure, destruction, loss, alteration and damage. Our approach is focused on preventing risks. In order to help us in this regard, we employ encryption whenever possible to reduce the impact of any potential incidents and we periodically review our procedures. As the security of some communications via the internet is not completely secure, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you disclose using your internet connection. You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet and the group will accept no liability for any direct, consequential, incidental, indirect, or punitive losses or damages arising out of such an occurrence.

Data Retention\
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy which includes any period of historic retention that may be required for regulatory purposes. We do not collect any more personal information from you than is necessary for our purposes and our data management policies include the deletion of any personal information we no longer require.

Disclosure of Your Personal information\
We disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Third Parties Designated by You: When you use the Services, the personal information you provide will be shared with the third parties that you authorise to receive such information. Third Party Service Providers: We may share your personal information with third party service providers to: provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Services; conduct quality assurance testing; facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; market the Services; and/or to provide other services to us. Information You Share: Our Site and Services allow you to share content and information. Please be mindful of your own privacy needs as you choose who to connect with and what to share and make public. We cannot control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public on the Site. If you share information about others, we suggest you get consent for any information you may share about them. Information We Share: We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify any individual without restriction. In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide: To fulfil the purpose for which you provide it, for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information, or with your consent; To third parties designated by you; With our subsidiaries and affiliates; To third parties to process payments made through the Services; With contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business; With a Social Networking Site (SNS) if you choose to post content to an SNS through the Service; To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about users is among the assets transferred; and Other Disclosures: Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal information (as described below), we may disclose Personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (i) in connection with any legal investigation; (ii) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on our company; (iii) to protect or defend the rights or property of sportvalue.network or users of the Services; and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use. Third Party Websites Our Site or App may contain links to third party websites. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site, App or Services and go to another site, and another entity may collect personal information or anonymous data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your personal information after you click on links to such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and App you visit. The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.

Your Choices Regarding Information\
Choices:\
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. We may periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated email preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy. Cookies:\
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Services for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Services or all functionality of the Services. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided below.

Your Rights\
As a user of our site you have the following rights:\
The right to ask what personal data that we hold about you at any time. Extra requests (particularly repetitive) for data may result in a fee being charged to the user. The right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge. As set out above, the right to opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you. To request to have your user account deleted, please contact us at info@sportvalue.co

Further information regarding your rights can be found under:\
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/ If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the contact us at info@sportvalue.co\
This policy was last modified on October 12, 2024.
